README.md, before:

# stratum [<img src="https://github.com/chevalvert.png?size=100" align="right">](http://chevalvert.fr/)

*Stratum main app*

<br>

```
stratum-app

Usage:
  node index.js
  node index.js -klrt
  node index.js --keys
  node index.js --leap
  node index.js --reload
  node index.js --timer
  node index.js --with <path>
  node index.js --help
  node index.js --version

Options:
  -h, --help              Show this screen.
  -k, --keys              Enable prev/next animations using arrow keys.
  -l, --leap              Enable leapmotion.
  -r, --reload            Enable livereloading of stratum.config.json.
  -t, --timer             Enable prev/next stack timer.
  -v, --version           Print the current version.
  -w, --with=<path>       Open the stratum-viewer applet as its visualiser.
```

<br>

## Stratum ecosystem
- `stratum` : stratum main app
- [`stratum-assistant`](https://github.com/chevalvert/stratum-assistant) : stratum setup and mapping assistant
- [`stratum-hnode`](https://github.com/Hemisphere-Project/STRATUM) : leds UDP server + client
- [`stratum-viewer`](https://github.com/chevalvert/stratum-viewer) : alternative UDP client

<br>

## License
[MIT.](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license)

Commit message:

Add proper logger with stdout/file and log-level support

README.md, after:

# stratum [<img src="https://github.com/chevalvert.png?size=100" align="right">](http://chevalvert.fr/)

*Stratum main app*

<br>

```
stratum-app

Usage:
  node index.js
  node index.js -klr --log.level=debug
  node index.js -lt --log=<path>
  node index.js --with=<path>
  node index.js --help
  node index.js --version

Options:
  -h, --help              Show this screen.
  -k, --keys              Enable prev/next animations using arrow keys.
  -l, --leap              Enable leapmotion.
  -r, --reload            Enable livereloading of stratum.config.json.
  -t, --timer             Enable prev/next stack timer.
  -v, --version           Print the current version.
  -w, --with=<path>       Open the stratum-viewer applet as its visualiser.
  
  --log=<path>            Pipe stdout to the specified log file.
  --log-level=<level>     Set the log level (default is 'info').
  
Log level:
  0, emergency            System is unusable.
  1, alert                Action must be taken immediately.
  2, critical             The system is in critical condition.
  3, error                Error condition.
  4, warning              Warning condition.
  5, notice               A normal but significant condition.
  6, info                 A purely informational message.
  7, debug                Messages to debug an application.
```

<br>

## Stratum ecosystem
- `stratum` : stratum main app
- [`stratum-assistant`](https://github.com/chevalvert/stratum-assistant) : stratum setup and mapping assistant
- [`stratum-hnode`](https://github.com/Hemisphere-Project/STRATUM) : leds UDP server + client
- [`stratum-viewer`](https://github.com/chevalvert/stratum-viewer) : alternative UDP client

<br>

## License
[MIT.](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license)
